# Children's Story Generator

This is a very simple python script to generate a short children's story

## Description

This is the first script I wrote in Python to tests how the language works. It captures input from the user, then adds these variables to a pre-formatted prompt. Using the OpenAI API it sends this prompt and prints the output. It's as simple as that!

## Example output:

As there is no API key included in this code, you will not be able to test it until you have your own key. This is an example of the inputs and generated output:

>*Who is the main character in the story: ? (Type a person's name or a description: e.g. 'Anne' or 'an elephant')* **Anne** </br>
>*Who is the baddy in the story: ? (Type a person's name or a descriptions: e.g. 'Bob' or 'a witch')* **Bob** </br>
>*What does the main character want/have to do: ? (Describe an action: e.g. 'Get back home' or 'Save a unicorn')* **Save a unicorn** </br>
>*What does the baddy want to do: ? (Describe an action: e.g. 'Stop Anne getting home' or 'steal the unicorn')* **Steal the unicorn** </br>
>
>
>Once upon a time, in a magical land far away, there lived a young girl named Anne. She was an adventurous spirit who loved to explore the forests and meadows of her home.</br>
>One day, during her travels, Anne stumbled upon something she had never seen before--a beautiful white unicorn! She was completely mesmerized by the creature's beauty and grace.</br>
>Anne desperately wanted to save the unicorn from whatever danger it may be facing, but unfortunately, Bob, a greedy thief, had spotted the unicorn too and wanted to steal it for himself.</br>
>Anne knew she had to act fast if she wanted to save the unicorn. She quickly devised a plan--she would distract Bob while the unicorn escaped into the forest. With her plan in motion, Anne quickly ran over to Bob and began talking his ear off about random topics such as weather forecasts and local gossip.</br>
>Bob was so distracted by Anne's chatter that he didn't even notice when the unicorn quietly trotted away into the forest. After a few minutes of chit-chatting with Anne, Bob realized he had been tricked and angrily stormed off in search of his lost prize.</br>
>Meanwhile, Anne was relieved that she had saved the unicorn from harm's way and joyfully watched as it galloped away into the woods never to be seen again--at least until its next adventure!</br>


This is another example, generated by my daughter:

>*Who is the main character in the story: ?* **daddy** </br>
>*Who is the baddy in the story: ?* **mammy** </br>
>*What does the main character have to do: ?* **keep his snowman** </br>
>*What does the baddy want to do: ?* **melt the snowman** </br>
>
>Once upon a time, there was a daddy who had built a beautiful snowman in his garden. He had worked hard to make sure it was perfect, and he was very proud of it.</br>
>But one day, the weather started to get warmer and the snowman started to melt. Daddy knew that soon his snowman would be gone forever, so he wanted to do something to save it.</br>
>Mammy said that there was nothing they could do and that the snowman had to melt away like all other snowmen do. But Daddy didn't want to accept this and said he wanted to find a way to keep his snowman from melting away.</br>
>So Daddy came up with an idea - he would put the snowman inside their house so it wouldn't melt! Mammy thought it was a crazy idea, but she agreed because she saw how much Daddy loved his snowman. </br>
>So they carefully carried the snowman into their home and put it in the corner of their living room. The snowman stayed with them for many weeks until finally one day, when it was nice and cold again outside, they took him back outside into their garden where he could stay forever! </br>
>Daddy was very happy that his plan worked out and that he could keep his beloved snowman safe forever!</br>


### Dependencies

You will need to import the openai library

### Installing

The API key in this repository has been removed - you will need to add your own key to get it to work.

## Authors

Me

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [OpenAPI](https://openai.com/api/)
